February 16, 2015
#################

:date: 2015-02-10 08:05
:tags: meetings
:category: meetings
:author: Brad Montgomery

**Weather Update**: It looks as if there's bad weather in the forecast for
Monday. If we do get inclement weather, we'll postpone this meeting. Watch our
`twitter feed (@MemphisPython) <https://twitter.com/memphispython>`_ on Monday
for further details.

----

Welcome to the February 2015 python meetup! We're trying something new again
this month with a *mini workshop*. So, if you've never written a line of python,
but you'd like to learn, this would be a great meeting to attend!

Read on for more details.

Time & Date
-----------
| Time: 6:30pm - 8:30pm
| Date: Monday, February 16th, 2015

Location
--------

This month's meeting is graciously hosted by `Mosaik Solutions <http://www.mosaik.com/>`_.
(`Google Map <http://goo.gl/maps/H5x6L>`_.)

| Mosaik Solutions
| 6423 Shelby View Drive, Suite 101
| Memphis, Tennessee, 38134


RSVP
----

Food (Pizza) and Drinks will be provided, so please let us know if you plan to attend.

Please RSVP at one of the following:

* `Meetup.com <http://www.meetup.com/memphis-technology-user-groups/events/220128877/>`_
* Mention `@MemphisPython on Twitter <http://twitter.com/memphispython>`_
* Send an email to `brad@mempy.org <mailto:brad@mempy.org>`_


Agenda
------

1. Fun with Markov Chains, by `Brad Montgomery <https://twitter.com/bkmontgomery>`_: A short talk about generating funny text.

2. Mini Workshop: Build a command-line ToDo app, by `Douglas Starnes <https://twitter.com/poweredbyaltnet>`_: A hands-on workshop that guides you in building a simple python application. Bring a laptop, and we'll help with the rest.
