November 20, 2017
#################

:date: 2017-11-7 09:00
:tags: meetings
:category: meetings
:author: Brad Montgomery


**It's our sixth anniversary blowout extravaganza!**

This month our speaker will be Douglas Starnes. He will present 'TensorFlow for Folks without (or with!) a Ph.D.'. This will be a gentle introduction to Google's TensorFlow library for machine learning and deep learning. We will discuss machine learning basics, the types of problems that can be addressed and how TensorFlow and the related tools can be applied to implement solutions. We'll also look at TensorBoard, a unique interactive workflow visualization tool. Math will be kept to a minimum so don't stay home if you are not a number cruncher!


Time & Date
-----------

| Time: 6:30pm - 8:30pm
| Date: Monday, November 20, 2017


Location
--------

We'll be graciously hosted by the
`FedEx Institute of Technology <http://fedex.memphis.edu/>`_.
Here's a link to a `Google Map <https://goo.gl/RsjTJb>`_.

- **Room**: FIT 225 (2nd floor)
- **Parking**: The `Deloach Parking Garage <https://www.google.com/maps/d/viewer?mid=z7eJgDchpI68.kevkGtJ3KYwo>`_ is $3/hr, and is right across the street from the FedEx Institute of Technology (FIT). You can also buy a 1-day pass for general parking for $3 -- see `visitor parking <http://www.memphis.edu/parking/permit/visitor.php>`_ for more details.


Agenda
------

- 'TensorFlow for Folks without (or with!) a Ph.D.' by Douglas Starnes


RSVP
----

Meetings are free to attend and open to the public. Please RSVP on
`Meetup.com <https://www.meetup.com/memphis-technology-user-groups/events/244340702/>`_,
